altchain-pool          aws-ingestion-credential                           Opaque                                2      119d
altchain-pool          default-token-shlkx                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      120d
altchain               ca-server                                          Opaque                                1      341d
altchain               default-token-wkq2k                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      504d
altchain               ingress-nginx-1629946369-admission                 Opaque                                3      43d
altchain               ingress-nginx-1629946369-token-l8gm6               kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      43d
altchain               sh.helm.release.v1.ingress-nginx-1629946369.v1     helm.sh/release.v1                    1      43d
blockchain             chord-pool                                         Opaque                                1      339d
blockchain             czz                                                Opaque                                3      701d
blockchain             default-token-5d2q7                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      2y42d
blockchain             eth                                                Opaque                                1      678d
blockchain             grin-wallet                                        Opaque                                1      2y42d
bminer                 aws-athena-credential                              Opaque                                2      485d
bminer                 aws-credential                                     Opaque                                2      715d
bminer                 aws-ingestion-credential                           Opaque                                2      484d
bminer                 aws-s3-credential                                  Opaque                                2      483d
bminer                 bminer-com-ingress-nginx-admission                 Opaque                                3      515d
bminer                 bminer-com-ingress-nginx-admission-token-d9r9r     kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      515d
bminer                 bminer-com-ingress-nginx-ingress-token-l4mg8       kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      557d
bminer                 bminer-com-ingress-nginx-token-pqvng               kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      515d
bminer                 bminer-me-aws-alb-ingress-controller-token-rrwp4   kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      479d
bminer                 default-token-gzf4b                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      715d
bminer                 sh.helm.release.v1.bminer-com-ingress.v1           helm.sh/release.v1                    1      504d
bminer                 sh.helm.release.v1.bminer-me.v1                    helm.sh/release.v1                    1      479d
bminer                 stratum-backend-certificates                       Opaque                                2      363d
bminer                 tls-secret                                         kubernetes.io/tls                     2      538d
data                   aws-athena-credential                              Opaque                                2      484d
data                   aws-ingestion-credential                           Opaque                                2      485d
data                   aws-s3-credential                                  Opaque                                2      364d
data                   clickhouse-operator-token-m6vwx                    kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      434d
** data                   clover-mysql-credentials                           kubernetes.io/basic-auth              2      2d1h
data                   default-token-npwhp                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      485d
data                   etherscan-credential                               Opaque                                1      484d
** data                   machine-stats-checker                              Opaque                                6      484d
data                   mailgun                                            Opaque                                1      484d
data                   pagerduty-reporter                                 Opaque                                1      484d
default                aws-athena-credential                              Opaque                                2      2y137d
default                aws-credential                                     Opaque                                2      2y138d
default                cnych-token-pfxfj                                  kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      111d
default                dashboard-admin-sa-token-r9xsb                     kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      364d
default                dashboard-tls                                      kubernetes.io/tls                     2      135d
default                default-token-6bnsk                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      3y49d
default                grin-wallet                                        Opaque                                1      2y87d
** default                mdump-secret                                       Opaque                                5      45h
default                miner-token-ht7n8                                  kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      106d
default                nfs-client-provisioner-token-4zgqg                 kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      3y49d
default                phabricator-mariadb-secret-conflux                 Opaque                                3      3y9d
default                phabricator-secret                                 Opaque                                3      3y48d
default                sh.helm.release.v1.platform-backend.v1             helm.sh/release.v1                    1      83d
default                sh.helm.release.v1.platform-flow.v1                helm.sh/release.v1                    1      83d
default                sh.helm.release.v1.platform.v1                     helm.sh/release.v1                    1      83d
default                sh.helm.release.v1.waxen-worm.v1                   helm.sh/release.v1                    1      504d
default                telemetry                                          Opaque                                2      429d
default                tls-secret                                         kubernetes.io/tls                     2      538d
default                weatherdaemon-secret                               Opaque                                1      3y14d
kafka                  default-token-zz9k8                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      723d
madminer               default-token-vl7sk                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      46d
shepherd               default-token-pzwl7                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      2y13d
shepherd               etcd                                               Opaque                                1      2y13d
sso                    auth-code-secret                                   Opaque                                1      2y125d
sso                    auth-cookie-secret                                 Opaque                                1      2y125d
sso                    default-token-hvbwj                                kubernetes.io/service-account-token   3      2y127d
sso                    google-admin-email                                 Opaque                                1      2y127d
sso                    google-client-id                                   Opaque                                1      2y127d
sso                    google-client-secret                               Opaque                                1      2y127d
sso                    google-service-account                             Opaque                                1      2y127d
sso                    proxy-auth-code-secret                             Opaque                                1      2y125d
sso                    proxy-client-id                                    Opaque                                1      2y125d
sso                    proxy-client-secret                                Opaque                                1      2y125d
sso                    proxy-cookie-secret                                Opaque                                1      2y125d
